what is going on everybody my name is
Jason welcome to episode I think we're
on number 38 of my path to power before
we get started if you guys are looking
to purchase some ultimate team coins
check out fut coin Emporium they're
cheap quick and reliable their link is
in the description down below so we're
back on our serious side because the for
triple to is working just wonders for me
I figured what's comparable to that the
442 number two still those two CDM still
the two strikers but instead of a left
attacking mid and a right attacking mid
I just have a left mid and a right midst
we bring back out sure ah we and the
quad drama nater into this match to test
it out against just kicking it he is
using a Galatasaray side 4231 formation
pretty darn strong look I'd say for that
side and he's trying to get a move going
here but I'll sharabi picks it up and
midfield plays in Santiago borja or on
and would that be how it santhi borja
I'm not sure how you would say st. in
Spanish I think that's about right but
he manages to steal it away put it by
the keeper 30th minute goal he's just
been a wonderful wonderful player for us
and I will include him and many sites to
come really hoping he's going to have an
in-form at some point this year but that
is how it's gonna answer a little bit of
a mistake from him actually cost him the
game playing in the snow just an
absolute mess I slowed it down so you
guys could see the stats at about sixty
percent possession but we both put about
the same shots on target borja valero I
believe took me on the match with an 8.8
rating so we're making our way through
the division trying to get enough points
to get out and move on up in the world
in our path to power we're gonna stick
with things here so using Meriel and
Balotelli as our strike combo decided
Meriel maybe a little bit better than
Egwene I switched around the to Center
minutes but borja on the right because
he does get a strong link the Fiorentina
link with quad lerato so this guy 3412
serious I'd and things I thought I might
get the chance to break down his three
backs I didn't think it might be this
messy borja gonna clean it up top of the
box and he's gonna put this away of
course oh my goodness I could not
believe that i missed that guys that was
one of those chances you pick up and
you're thinking instantly why did I rush
the shot look at how much space I had to
walk that in and finesse it past the
keeper I went for power and
and I failed but it's okay because we're
only the fifth minute and corners are
good Ogbonna also very good in the air
little somersault gets a goal in the
sixth minute he's all the Sun started
coming on and scoring corners for us but
he was doing nothing before and you know
what on the topic of a bona i've heard
mixed reviews about him i've heard some
people say you know this guy not really
that good was hoping for a lot more out
of him some other people are like yeah
he's pretty good and i'm leaning towards
the yeah he's actually really good and i
would like to keep him on my back line
he's been outperforming casarez of late
Balotelli not able to get by the keeper
but this is a nice bit of left bumper
dribbling kind of weaving in and out he
gets that much free space thank you very
much i'll take that finesse shot in the
37th minute and it's like shake that ass
for me shake that ass for me anybody
remember that song maybe I'll actually
have to get that song in there for when
that dance comes on but that is an old
Eminem and nate dogg song an absolute
classic from back when i was in in
college myself so i go one hundred
percent this guy's name managed to get a
move going forward just before half-time
here and played out y de Quadra look at
the free space at the bottom of the
screen that Balotelli is in I don't know
what is right mid right-center back but
that's one of the issues with the three
back view play it and you drag a player
out of position this year by using the
second defender press when you don't
need to you are going to pay just about
ten times out of ten and that's exactly
what happens right there now we're a
move forward and this is just a
fantastic passing move failed a little
bit right there but the quick passing
the layoffs everything on point the
overlapping it's just so good and when
it went to bala and I hit the volley I
was like it so dirty to me
so then he kind of came back and scored
after I was having my little bit of a I
guess a little bit of a dance party with
that one but I was happy with the
passing move from the first goal before
that he managed to walk it down and this
is two massive defending areas you can
see me switch to the wrong guy twice and
that allows him just a free walk into
the goal I now we're closing in towards
the end of this game it's for one right
now about the 80th minute and he brings
his centre-backs forward I talked about
this yesterday if people are going to
bring their center backs out of position
and press up too hard I'm gonna play an
over-the-top through ball that is the
best option attacking wise in that
situation if they do not jockey back
properly now you can press and you
should press with your defenders but you
need to be manually pressing on some of
the time because if you fail on the
second man press you know the auto
pressing however you want to think about
it then you're gonna fail miserably
again he's done it and I've set Meriel
in free on goal and that's just a nice
little chip over the onrushing keeper
gonna seal the deal close this one out
87th minute now and we have a very very
convincing victory in the division which
is phenomenal and I'm back to feeling
pretty good and I was kind of thinking
about this yesterday in general I'm
going to just start using some different
formations guys or you know playing at
least around with a few different
formations this year on FIFA win lose or
draw I'm having more fun just
essentially there's no penalty for
switching formations this year because
you uh you don't have to play formation
cards on your players so what that means
to me is that I can switch it around
have some fun with it try some new
things and you never know exactly what's
going to work properly for you so I'm
gonna give that a shot you're probably
going to see some more formation
switching from me coming up here over
the weekend in my path to power decide
to sell on cacao because cacaw was just
a massive letdown for me I'm pretty
disappointed wanted to show you guys my
club though show you guys where the
goals were that sort of thing so in
terms of goals balotelli leading the way
13 goal
and our 23 goals in 13 games five
assists to go along with that I'll
sharabi though 17 goals and three
assists in 21 games played for a winger
and a left mid at winger at that for the
majority of the time that is a fantastic
goalscoring record also borja valero you
see him just a little further down four
goals seven assists coming from the
midfield another fantastic stat line I I
kind of wish I had done that while I
still at ham chicken diamonte into the
team so I could see kind of where they
were in terms of the overall perspective
but very very pleased with where my
players were head over the transfer list
though felipe melo sold ham chick has
sold on listing diamonte again i want to
get at least some coins out of him but
if he doesn't sell this time i might
just keep him in the side as i could use
him in a plethora of different places
for the rest of this episode there I'm
just cleaning up those pesky contracts
it takes forever I wish there was an
option to send or auto assign all the
items to your club once you know bidding
on massive amounts of contracts or
things of that nature so maybe that'll
be something for EA to consider all in
the future anyways guys I will be
streaming later today if you missed
yesterday's stream I'm actually going to
upload some highlights from the pack
opening onto YouTube tomorrow so do not
worry about missing that but i'll be
streaming some point later on today
states posted to my twitter for that if
you did enjoy this episode of like a
thumbs up is always greatly appreciated
other than that my name is japes and i
will catch you all next time